Process.
I believe because things are meant to get hard after they come outta of course
quickly. And it didn't exactly, man. It's like watching porn hard, fast.
You're eating some mush that doesn't turn into mold.
I, uh, I went vegan post heart attack, but I'm certainly, it's not a ethical,
uh, thing. Like my kid's vegan cuz she's like, I love animals,
but I want vegan cuz they were like, you know, if you go PlantBased,
you've got a really great chance of dropping your cholesterol.
And my kid had been bugging me to go vegan for like three years and stuff and
not, but honestly not bugging me.
She would just make comments every once in a while. Like not your mom,
not your milk whenever I was drinking milk and like that. Mmhmm <affirmative>.
So after the heart attack,
nutritionist was in the hospital room with me and going like a hundred that
blockage man, you definitely time to change your diet. I was like, yeah,
you're right. And what were you eating before? Like just,
not even like everything.
But you lost a lot of weight and when you lost a lot of weight,
I remember you were doing a lot of juicing.
Yeah. I was doing a, a bit of that.
Which vegetable juices they've since told me is not good because
you're supposed to tribute the juice of whatever with the fiber mm-hmm
<affirmative> while eating the fruit and stuff. This juicing thing.
Is it? So it depends on what juice, I mean it,
vegetable juice is not really an issue, but, but it is but.
Lot content sugar content. Yeah. Like,
like I'm part of now I'm a weight Watchers, ambassador.
Even people that, um, believe that like they, they like vegetable juices.
They say that you really better off with like a vegetable smoothie, right?
Like we, you get the fiber. It is.
All about the smoothie. It keeps some of the fiber in it. The, all the,
and all that jazz, you go buy points and like that. Right? Some like you can,
if you eat a banana, no points.
If you juice a banana or blend a banana,
then it as points because then it's no longer about the fiber.
It's all about the sugar.
At that point. Eggs don't have any points anymore. Huh?
No. They took points away from like eggs, Turkey and chicken,
which broke my heart. Cuz I used to love Turkey and chicken.
Then I realized I didn't love Turkey and chicken as much as I thought,
like I went on in order to, after the heart attack. Um,
I read, uh, well I listened to it on tape. Um,
and not even on tape digitally, uh,
Penn Gillette's book Presto about how he lost a hundred pounds after his heart
episode. And it's a fantastic book. I'm sure. You know, did he ever.
Set, hit a similar issue? Like a heart attack? Yeah.
But he didn't have a heart attack. They were like,
you're on the verge and they were gonna give him a bunch of bypasses and then a
into his was like, instead all that.
Why don't you just try eating radically different? I can propose a way for you.
Ray C Croney he, he has a diet called just sides. And so in Penn's book,
Presto, he details how Ray was like for the first two weeks. Just eat potatoes,
nothing but potatoes.
You have as many as you want eat as many potatoes as you want,
but can't put anything on him. You can't fry him.
It's just bake the potato and eat it, eat everything.
And you can have nine if you're in a sitin,
but you can't put any butter on 'em no salt, nothing just flat out potatoes.
So it's but for me, that sounded for me. your diet. Well,
I just come off the heart attack. So I'm like, I'd rather not die. Right?
So I'll try. So.
How many weeks have you just potatoes? Two, two weeks.
Weeks straight up. Just potatoes did eat. 'em raw, not raw, like on cooked.
You can bake, but you can't use anything to cook. Em,
you can't wrap in tinvoil with butter and salt or anything like that. Just.
Flat up plain. You just baked them and then ate em. You must have been pour as.
That's.
What happens. A trick of the diet, at least in my estimation is that, um,
you you're allowed to eat as many potatoes you want. Right?
And you think you like potatoes.
When I was reading Penn's book or rather listening to Penn's book, I was like,
oh my God, I can do that. Like I, I dig potatoes.
And then you realize you don't like potatoes as much as you like butter and salt
and milk and everything that goes into like mashed and stuff.
So it's in the beginning.
There's a sense of satiety because potatoes have some girth to and stuff,
but they're mostly water. So it's an excellent diuretic.
So you're like a race horse. And that's dropping weight.
Like the more water outta your body.
Some good vitamins in the skin as well. Absolutely. A lot of potassium, right?
Vitamins.
Some people like when I was telling 'em, you know the most,
when you tell people what you're doing, you know,
everyone's got their advice about how to diet and.
And when I was talking about I'm doing this potato diet people,
you can't eat potatoes. It's carbs, man. That'll, nuts's too much. It's bad and.
But in two weeks of eating, nothing but potatoes, I lost 19 pounds.
Just like that. 19 pounds.
Just dropped off. Wow.
And a lot of it water, weight. Absolutely.
But at the same time it taught me something more. I, and then like,
I hate potatoes. It taught me to fast mm-hmm <affirmative> like,
it taught me to like now I eat a meal a day.
I don't eat in the morning when I get up,
I don't listen to the propaganda of like,
you gotta eat a breakfast and like that. Not at all.
My body has enough stored energy.
I don't need to eat eggs and orange juice in order to feel good in the morning.
I just have to wait my body to be like, nothing's coming in great.
We'll hook over to the stored energy and like that. And I.
Got a lot of that. So you're doing like intermittent fasting.
Is that what you doing? It's.
It's not so much intermittent.
It's like I eat once a day and then some days if I'm like, yeah,
I don't feel the need to eat. Like you go through it.
You hit a wall every once in a while, like generally about nine o'clock, 8 39.
I get a first Pang of hunger. My instincts are, are like quick. Fix it.
And then I remember like just in 10 minutes, it's gonna pass.
And then in 10 minutes, absolutely it pass.
You talking about nine in the morning. Yeah. So, um, you're eating one meal,
like typically dinner, uh, generally.
About three o'clock in the afternoon. And.
Then you go a long time before you eat again. Yeah. Yeah. Dude.
That's the way to eat. A lot of people think that's the way to eat. I.
I think so smarter people than I like Ray who created the just sides,
diet and Penn who followed the diet and stuff and.
Led to it. They do the same thing. One meal a day.
Uh, Penn, not. So I, I, I can't, I'm trying to,
I don't think he's down to one meal a day.
I think he just eats better than I do.
Like he was able to keep up up with Ray's diet. I couldn't,
after the two weeks it was like, okay, now eat corn. And I was like,
I've never eaten corn in my life.
Wait a minute. He's telling you just eat corn. No, he.
Was saying to add corn to the diet and they were adding more things after the
first two weeks. It wasn't like potatoes now, just corn now this, oh,
so this just sides.
That's his hook is that you're eating the sides. Essentially.
You're eating everything. That's kind of, it's all plant- based and stuff. Hmm.
And so I couldn't, I was hoping that I could, you know,
go the distance and be a vegetable guy. I hate vegetables.
And so I had to figure out a way to be vegan, hate vegetables, hated so much.
How.
Could you be a and hate vegetables?
You find a very thin corridor in which you know,
to live and exists.
Scooping up thats a towfu.
Pretty much, uh, eating Pinto beans, eating black beans.
Good source of carbohydrates. Right?
Um, what else?
You know what I've fallen in love with and never ate before in my life are chick
peas.
Chick are great, such.
A great go-to snack, full of protein.
And in vegan comfort food cooking,
they use it as a versatile ingredient. Mm-hmm <affirmative> so like,
if you go to one of my favorite restaurants in town is crossroads.
They got like this, uh, they got Travis bark's place, right?
Is that the, I believe it is. I believe Travis bark or the drummer. He, uh,
he that's his place that I believe so. Pretty sure, they.
Got a meatball sub there, dude. I would I'd suck a Dick for it' so good.
It's to be and immersively, they don't make you do that. They just make you pay.
That's.
Very sweet of them. It's a good, it is a good business model.
It's supposed to be a very good place like it. One of the best places.
Fantastic. Fantastic. This meatball sub's Travis's place tastes alog meatball.
About about five miles from here.
Maybe a little bit more called follow your heart.
Have you ever been to that place? Yes.
I have. That's where I too met Ray, uh, to talk about the, the diet the.
First time. Yeah. They have some killer pancakes, man.
I don't know what they're doing.
What kind of voodoo they're doing to make a vegan pancake takes that good.
In New York.
They got a place in Brooklyn called champs diner,
which is also of like all plant-based vegan food, but they do comfort food.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like, you know, like you can get a,
like an impossible burger or beyond burger bread or like you're eating meatballs
and you think about it. You're like, all right, the bread is most of it.
The sauce is the next biggest part and meatballs themselves.
Aren't really that packed with meat.
It's much more breading than meat and stuff. So I,
you have to do is find something that'll stand in for the meat.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> drench it and marinara sauce and put it between a,
a nice soft roll. And they use like RI Ricota like, uh, cashew,
RI Ricota to like kind of finish it off. It is bliss dude. Now, you know,
it's just like, it's vegan comfort food. So you can't do that every day. Right.
But it's nice to know that if you're ever like a, I miss real food,
I want to eat a animal.
They can hand you something that's like close to the approximate.
Now the good news, cuz I know a lot of people like veganism.
And you're absolutely right. It's no fun for me at least.
But after a month of plant based, uh,
I was on a series of medications after the heart attack and still am.
And it was on a full dose of lipid tour, which is a, you know,
cholesterol cutter and stuff like that. Mm-hmm <affirmative> so my doctor,
I was telling him about this potato diet and he's like, I don't trust this.
He's going. I wanna do your labs. I wanna do your meds.
Gimme some of your blood. So he takes me. He's like,
I gotta make sure you're getting all the nutrition. He's like,
you can't get it off from a potato. I'm sorry.
So he did my labs and came back and he was like, you're fantastic.
He's going nutrients wise. You're great. Everything across the board's great.
Except for your cholesterol. I was like,
well I did just have a heart attack and he goes, no,
your cholesterol's on the toilet. He's going.
So I need you to break your Lipitor in half. He's going, you,
you can't take that much Lipitor anymore. So he's like,
what have you done different? I was like, I'm just eating potatoes. He.
Goes, so you cholesterol dropped so radically that he was worried.
Yeah. And enough to take me off of my half, half my prescription, when is.
See, I, I don't understand enough about cholesterol levels. This is what.
They told me. So recently that I found fascinating. I thought I was like,
is this Lipitor? It's gonna eat up the cholesterol. He goes, no,
it's in your system forever. And I was really, and he goes, yeah,
it can loosen it up, move it about, but then we have to be careful,
make sure it's loose and soft. And,
and gloal the cholesterols in your system forever.
So it doesn't go into your brain. Oh Jesus dude. Uh, if hard pieces like,
you know, I don't know if, uh,
you ever pull like grit off your teeth after you've eaten or something like
that. Compacted, you know, that's plaque technically, I guess,
but that's kind of. That's up in your, your veins. When that gets hard,
it gets super hard. Like the, the, the cholesterol that was blocking up,
my L a D my man had to drill through it to get the stent in there.
And you keep that cholesterol forever.
Now, I, I can't say that a hundred percent,
but that's the way it was communicated to me. Cuz I thought I was like,
this magic drug will eat up the cholesterol. That goes, no,
we have to be very careful with the cholesterol because it moves throughout
system. Geez. So I guess maybe eventually it moves out of your system,
but if it's in your blood system, right,
there's a chance that it goes up near your brain eventually.
So maybe that's what they're trying to keep that.
Yeah. All idiots talking about medical stuff. I know but's's.
All out right now. We can't, you can't be an expert on everything, Joe.
Sometimes you have to like take shots in the dark.
Yeah. So, um, for.
Know your audience,
you know the audience sitting there right now going like this irritates me.
If they're not gonna speak truthudes and hard facts, <laugh> don't.
They understand medical science. We.
Don't, we don't. That's.
Why we wouldnt enterta. Um, but when you are, um,
or you you're getting a full blood panel done and all these different things,
they're checking all your, your writing. I've also become.
Yeah. And ive become the guy that does.
Were algae and not.
Algae, but there were two pills that this, uh, Ray turned me on to this doctor.
I bet you know his name, but his name escapes me who formulated this, uh,
these are the nutrients you need.
I guarantee you've probably talked to this guy, his name escapes me,
but Ray was like, get these supplements. They'll cover everything he's going,
cuz you're no. Or a meat eater.
Anything you need that would come outta meat comes out of this. But you know,
it was kind of explained to me when I was like, I don't know,
like my kid was going, you could do it. Dad. I'm like kiddo.
Like we were raised differently. Like I granted, I,
I wasn't raised with flaming Yon.
I did eat steakum through most of my childhood, but that's kind of a meat.
Like it's tough to separate from something that you have lived with for so
long. And she was like, you gave up cigarettes. And I was like, oh alright,
you're right and stuff.
So it's nice to be able to go to places where you can eat food.
That's not just like grass and roots and can and like.
That. What did you eliminate? This is what I'm want to concentrate on because I,
I cheese.
Dairy, all dairyies cheese. So cheese milk. I, I was drinking, no.
A two gallons of milk a day. So that one, yeah,
that might have been part of the reason I wound up having a a attack.
So milk went away. Cheese went away. Um,
animal food products went away. So no burgers. I wasn't a big burgers guy,
but I did like burgers. And what about bread? Bread, pasta. Bread can stay.
Pasta can stay. Pasta can be, they can stay. Pasta can be vegan. But I mean,
it shouldn't that you shouldn't overdo it. Right.
You can't eat a ton of bread and stuff.
Right? You shouldn't. No. So that's just.
And honestly they prefer a went away. Yeah. Like most doctors aren't like,
Hey man, eat all the bread you want. Right. You know,
it's it's as part of weight Watchers, it,
it has a value to it that you can eat bread,
but it takes up like a quarter of the points you can have. Is it harder.
To do weight Watchers as a vegan? Is it tricky?
No. Interestingly enough weight Watchers is so simple because they, the app,
it's all app based now. Like I was part of it when I was a kid, like at age 14,
I was part of weight Watchers.
And I was like the lone male in the group and stuff.
Now it's so technologically based that if you're in a food store and
you're like, oh, I want those,
but I wonder how many points you just scan the barcode and it tells you,
and so you can enter things like Pento beans, boom.
It tells you there's zero points. So anything you enter,
I don't really have a value for even fast food chains.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so it's, it's shockingly easy to use.
Take weight Watchers outta the equation is being vegan difficult. Yes.
Like I watched my kid go through it where I'm like, you have no choices.
You're really limited to the places you can go in life and go out to eat.
But if it's a choice between winding up and the emergency room again and you
know, eating whatever I want to eat,
which is what I did for 47 years and then wound up nearly dying closest.
I ever came to death. I'm okay to go plant based for, for a while.
Like I told the kid, I'm doing it for at least a year.
And if I can live like this, I I'll keep going.
What? So you cut out, uh, milk, cheese,
animal products and sugar. So all.
Your meat, you cut out sugar, sugar. I cut out prior, prior to this.
Now' when I first met you. You were a candy junkie.
Yes. Oh my God. And look, I'm still a candy junk eat heart.
I just can't vibe anymore. Right. I'll always be a candy junkie.
I'm I'm a dry drunk right now. I'm just like,
I' so eat all the candy if you presented it, but.
Not, it was mostly the dairy and in the meat.
That, that I had to say goodbye. Big.
You cut out. Yes. That was the most, the, the biggest percentage of your diet.
Probably. Yeah. Yeah. Especially dairy. Now what about exercise?
Exercise after the heart attack,
they don't want you to do for like the first month.
So this is only three months ago that the heart attack happened.
So once the doctor gave me the Akay,
then I was back to walking the dog up the hill the way I always did. Um,
I haven't gone harder than that. Um, and,
and I don't honestly like I'm so lazy at heart. <laugh> that? I,
it doesn't like, I know some people are like,
I love getting out there and it helps me think. And my blood's not me.
I can think just fine at home'm smoking a joint sitting there,
watching Colbert or something like that. That's.
What you and I separate. Right? You like.
The physical, like the, you know, you,
you like the rush you're you're like the adrenaline junkies who have kind of
raised their level. And so it's not enough for you to just sit in one place.
Like you could do this and shocking that you'll do for three, three hours.
But then after this you probably do something like raola bear knife, hunt, uh,
of species. Do any of.
Those things. But I do, uh, I run Hills. Is that what you do? Yeah.
I run Hills in the morning. That's how far a couple miles is the most I do.
Cause I'm it's real steep stuff. Do you listen to anything or are you today?
I did today. I cheated. I cheat when I listen to things,
I think it's cheating music. Why ISN' cheating music.
You're supposed to be alone with yourdaughter. Cause you're supposed to be, uh,
in a meditative state where you're just pushing yourself at a certain pace.
And when you're listening to something, especially something cool,
it distracts you to the point where you hear how heavy you're breathing,
but you don't think negatively about it cuz you're thinking about whatever the
music you're listening to is you like, it's really interesting cuz it's,
it's a nice trick cuz you can actually, uh,
work harder and not be bothered by it. Right? Cause you're,
you're so tuned into the music that you listen to or whatever it is,
you're really captivated with that. You can keep pushing.
But most of the time I like to do it where I don't hear.
I just hear the pounding of my footsteps and my breathing.
And also I have a little logical fear of mountain lions. <affirmative>.